Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
Scene 56, take 2!
DANGEROUS
DYNAMITE DETECTIVE
Start!
Cut!
Idiot!
Too late! You'd be dead by now.
The dynamite's fuse has
already reached the bottom.
I'm sorry.
Let me try one more time.
Of course!
Okay. Until we're ready,
take a break.
It must have been
shocking for Hitomi.
Not only Hitomi...
...all the kids loved Sagara-sensei.
The parents made a big deal of it
and everyone was talking about it.
That was this spring...
...since then,
Hitomi has been like that.
She can't get
used to her school, either.
Is that so?
Done.
Azusa, could you take it there?
What? Oh, sure.
To tell you the truth,
I don't know what to say to Hitomi.
Maybe it's because my wife died
when Hitomi was little.
She probably thought
of Sagara-sensei as her own mother.
Her own mother...
Teacher-student relationships
are difficult.
Good. It's too good!
These days, I've been poor.
I've been eating instant noodles
for breakfast.
I made more than enough.
Eat as much as you want.
I have to go shopping in town
today. I have to leave now.
Thank you.
Really? Then I'll eat my fill,
since you offered.
Hey. If you don't want
the bacon and eggs, I'll take them!
No way!
I save my favorites for last.
What are you going to do
if there is an earthquake?
You should eat your favorites first.
Stop it!
Give it to me, Murai-chan.
Don't call me "chan"
It makes me sick.
- Please give it to me.
- Absolutely not!
Is that so?
Then I have no choice.
Thank you very much
for everything.
I'm indebted to you.
That teacher is a good teacher.
You mean Onizuka?
He's good, because he puts himself
on the same level as the kids.
It might have been better for Hitomi
if she had a teacher like him.
I'm a country guy and don't know
about schools in Tokyo.
The only thing I know for sure is
that all jobs have their drawbacks.
Owner...
If you come this far
whenever you're in trouble...
...transportation
will become expensive.
Onizuka said the same thing.
Is that right? Oh, boy...
I preach too much when I have
problems with my daughter.
See you.
Thank you very much.
Gross.
Sensei, if I don't go back
to Tokyo now...
... my manager will be upset
with me.
That's right.
I forgot about the lesson.
But we came this far.
Why don't we go sightseeing?
That's not our reason
for being here.
You ate my bacon and eggs.
Let's leave him alone
and go back home.
I'm so sorry, everyone.
I'm all right now.
Onizuka, could you take them
back to Tokyo?
What are you going to do?
I have something in mind...
Okay, see you at school tomorrow.
Are you saying
a teacher can't be in love?
Are you going to justify
what you did?
What are you going to tell the kids?
I have no intention
of making any excuses.
I'll just tell them the facts
as they are.
Nice breeze.
You're still here.
Yes.
May I sit here?
Why did you come here?
I've had enough preaching.
I did not come for that.
Before going back to Tokyo...
... I wanted to speak with you
one more time.
You did come here to preach.
No.
I'm just...
Yes, you did.
No matter what you say,
Sagara-sensei will never come back.
Do you want her to be back?
Yes, I do.
She abandoned us
and left with a guy.
I want her to apologize to us for that.
But you haven't heard
her side of the story.
Her side of the story?
What kind of story can she have
for committing adultery?
There's no story for that!
Hitomi...
I, a teacher...
... no, just me...
My female students
threw water on me.
What?
They said to me...
"You always come across
as a woman.
Don't try to act like our teacher."
I had no intention of doing that.
Your father said...
"Teacher-student relationships
are difficult."
Still, both Sagara-senpai
and I are teachers.
I can't change that.
That's obvious!
I just can't forgive her
for abandoning everyone.
She didn't commit adultery
so she could abandon all of you.
That's too much!
The result was the same
as if she'd abandoned us.
But I want you to understand this.
She really cared about all of you.
No mistake about that.
That's why I wanted
to become a teacher.
After watching the strong bond
between you and her.
She just made one little mistake.
Don't you remember
how fun it was?
She, you, and all of them
were shining.
To hate her means
to hate all those memories.
Are you okay with that?
Hitomi!
Azusa-san.
I'm sorry.
I tried to think that way
many times.
But I...
I can't forgive Sagara-sensei.
Hitomi...
That school
will be demolished soon.
That's good.
It's better...
CEMENT
...to clear everything.
That may be!
It's much easier.
Onizuka...
Wow, Onizuka-sensei looks sharp!
I would say he is the most
self-centered person in Japan.
Just a plain idiot.
Maybe the worst idiot.
Who cares
if a teacher committed adultery?
What, Onizuka?
Even if I wanted to commit adultery,
I don't have a wife.
I don't even have a girlfriend.
I've got 50 yen left in my pocket
the day before payday.
Even today, I have to borrow money
from Murai to go back to Tokyo.
What? What is he saying?
Don't kid me. Why me?
50 yen?
Yeah! And...
Oops.
What was I talking about?
Oh, that's right.
It's about adultery. Adultery.
Listen.
The most important thing
to remember is...
...even if a teacher commits adultery,
or the school is demolished...
...or Mt. Fuji erupts...
...memories do not disappear
because of such small things.
I don't think that Mt. Fuji erupting
would be considered a small thing.
He's a real idiot!
The real important thing...?
That's right. They'll never disappear.
Not like my paycheck.
Sure, adultery
may not be a good thing.
But teachers are human, too.
They may make mistakes
when they're in love.
Sagara-sensei chose
her own way by herself...
...even though that might be
a mistake.
That's all.
It's not like she did it
in order to destroy your memories.
You should give
more thought to that point.
Own way...?
In order to move forward,
we have to find our own path.
What's happening?
Is this an old boat?
Onizuka!
When did you guys
get off the boat?
Teacher,
you looked sharp, but now...
Help!
Because you ignore who you are,
and preach like an authority...
...you're being punished.
Leave him alone.
I definitely will not lend
him any money.
Teacher, you look dorky.
Fuyutsuki-chan, help me!
Don't laugh. Do something!
I'm sorry. Kikuchi!
You're cruel. Don't laugh.
It's strange.
While I was watching Onizuka-sensei,
I realized it doesn't matter anymore.
It's true. Fun memories will...
...never disappear,
no matter what happens.
Hitomi...
Azusa-san...
No, Fuyutsuki Sensei.
Onizuka Sensei.
Thank you.
So that means I'm great?
- Idiot!
- That's too much.
Stop. Stop it!
What's that?
The demolition is going to start.
The organ... The organ!
The organ!
What's going on?
She's fast.
Where did she go?
Didn't you make her understand?
That's her impulsiveness.
When she heard the siren...
...she wanted to at least save
the organ.
What?
No time to discuss it.
Wait for me!
Ready!
IN OPERATION
It's on.
Five more minutes to detonation!
Start!
But why do they need
to use a timer? It's dangerous.
According to the director,
that's the point.
What?
If they fail, they may die.
That's when this becomes real.
Real?
For Happa Deka Doshin?
He just wanted to do it once?
Stop it!
Stop the detonation right now!
Who-who are you?
Eikichi Onizuka. 22 years old.
Nice to meet you.
We think a kid went inside.
Please stop it right now!
No way.
Director! It's true.
All right. Let's stop right now.
Abort. Abort.
Abort filming the demolition!
Abort the demolition!
I can't abort it.
Bad news!
We can't abort the command.
What?! Idiot!
What is she thinking?
She went in
to get something important.
Doesn't it stop
if you unplug these cords?
It doesn't work that way.
Even if you unplug them...
...each explosive has its own timer
which continues the countdown.
What?
Who made
such impractical equipment?
What are you going to do? We've
already wasted more than a minute.
I'm going in.
I'm bringing Hitomi back!
What are you doing?
Don't be a fool!
Onizuka...
Idiot!
Where is the organ?
Upstairs in the room at the end.
Go back!
Onizuka.
I'm gonna grab her
and bring her back.
This has to be...
This...
Shit! There are two ends!
Hey, we're in serious trouble.
If it blows,
teacher and Hitomi will be...
It's obvious.
They'll be blown to pieces,
won't they?
Hey, don't say that aloud!
Sorry.
If not blown to pieces,
then vaporized.
It's obvious.
Don't say that aloud!
No, we can't stop it.
Excuse me.
Hitomi!
We can't abort the detonation!
It's gonna explode in a second.
Escape now!
Onizuka-sensei is on his way there.
Come out with him!
Crap! The other end!
It's gonna explode!
No!
The real memories will
never disappear! I said so earlier.
But even if the school is gone,
I really want to save this.
Please! Please help me!
Shit!
No choice.
Ready?
Are you okay?
They're late.
What are they doing?
I hope they're not seriously thinking
of taking out the organ.
No way! There's no way
they can come out in time.
That fool may do it, though.
Police! No, call an ambulance!
Teacher-student relationships
are difficult.
That teacher is a good teacher.
You mean Onizuka?
He's good, because he puts himself
at the same level as the kids.
Oh, shit. This weighs a ton!
Teacher, what shall we do?
Calm down.
I trust Onizuka-sensei.
Sensei!
Quick! Go quickly!
I'm sorry. I thought they would hold
the demolition if I came in here.
I didn't expect this.
If you have time to speak,
run, idiot!
But...
Onizuka!
Hitomi!
This way!
Hitomi...
Onizuka...
Onizuka!
Teacher, are you okay?
How could I die
before having a girlfriend?
- Great! How could you survive?
- Hitomi!
- Here you are.
- What?
A key from the organ.
Isn't it enough to have something
like this for your memories?
Yes.
The past is the past.
You should move on.
Thank you, Onizuka-sensei.
Onizuka, thank you. I...
How would you like to be alone
in space?
Don't you feel refreshed?
I feel I can do it again.
Relax and keep going.
Just go straight ahead.
Don't worry too much.
If fish swarm at you, let them eat
as much as they want.
Until they get full.
That's also our duty...
...as teachers.
Should we go back to our school?
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
What's this?
A chain letter?
NEXT EPISODE
Ouch, ouch!
The curse from the chain letter says
you'll die on the seventh day.
As they said,
I've been seriously cursed.